[13.0][ADD] stock_inventory_valuation_show_remaining (#151)
OCA/stock-logistics-reporting: stock_inventory_valuation_show_remaining/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

When you trigger a report of inventory valuation the total quantity and the

> total value of the layers show. This is confusing as users expect is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
total value of the layers are displayed. This is confusing as users expect is the
```

Author: Thanks! applied that in the last commit.
